readme.md, before:

# Dotfiles

These files are used to configure my unix(like) systems, currently the configurations defined in these files are geared towards macOS and Fedora Sericea an immutable linux distribution providing excellent security and stability.

- [ ] TODO: Using Pixelmator Pro create keybinding sheets for macOS and Fedora window management.
- [ ] TODO: Add option to choose between sway and hyprland
- [ ] TODO: Add flag to reload that will remove the current configuration and set it up using a different default configuration.

## Usage

Run the following in any Unix terminal.

```
sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mac-codes9/dotfiles/main/install.sh)"
```

> Note: If the script fails to run at any point it will clean up the files that were involved in the setup.

#### Development

The default tools installed on the system are for general usage for development focused workflows ensure that you set up a container using either OrbStack or Toolbox respective of the OS you are running on.
These containers will have access to your home directory so do not run anything destructive in them, use a virtual machine of Qubes OS for experimenting with possibly desctructive scripts and tools.

### Shared

- alacritty
- atuin
- fd
- gh
- neovim
- ripgrep

### macOS

- hyperkey
- mas
- orbstack
- skhd
- utm
- yabai

### Fedora Linux

- aylurs-gtk-shell
- hyprland
  - hypridle
  - hyprlock
  - swww
  - xdg-desktop-portal-hyprland 
- keyd
- sway
  - swaylock
  - swayidle

Commit message:

chore: updated todos for fedora

readme.md, after:

# Dotfiles

These files are used to configure my unix(like) systems, currently the configurations defined in these files are geared towards macOS and Fedora Sericea an immutable linux distribution providing excellent security and stability.

- [ ] TODO: Using Pixelmator Pro create keybinding sheets for macOS and Fedora window management.
- [ ] TODO: Add option to choose between sway and hyprland
- [ ] TODO: Replace the Fedora install script with Atomic Fedora Images that can be switched using `rpm-ostree`

## Usage

Run the following in any Unix terminal.

```
sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mac-codes9/dotfiles/main/install.sh)"
```

> Note: If the script fails to run at any point it will clean up the files that were involved in the setup.

#### Development

The default tools installed on the system are for general usage for development focused workflows ensure that you set up a container using either OrbStack or Toolbox respective of the OS you are running on.
These containers will have access to your home directory so do not run anything destructive in them, use a virtual machine of Qubes OS for experimenting with possibly desctructive scripts and tools.

### Shared

- alacritty
- atuin
- fd
- gh
- neovim
- ripgrep

### macOS

- hyperkey
- mas
- orbstack
- skhd
- utm
- yabai

### Fedora Linux

- aylurs-gtk-shell
- hyprland
  - hypridle
  - hyprlock
  - swww
  - xdg-desktop-portal-hyprland 
- keyd
- sway
  - swaylock
  - swayidle
